you come into the high school program
and you first introduced to Coach miles
and and he brings in a rough piece of
clay as a freshman and and by the time
they're out there they're young
responsible young me and not just
players and sends them out of the end of
the community and coach Bob does that
he's a great leader what he gives us
players from a motivating standpoint and
just allowing us to know that you know
he's always going to be behind us you
know matter what we do we mess up want
to do great things he's always there
raised so good with the kids here making
them you know just it's character driven
it's about integrity is about hard work
it's about knowing the things that they
need to do to be successful in life and
you know what they do out here it
carries over with them stays with them
forever it it sounds kind of corny but I
love it when I hear from my kids that
are 5 10 15 years down the road and
they're good debts and they're good
workers and they have their own
businesses and they've been successful
at what they've done and you know
they've been through the military or if
they whatever they have accomplished but
you know so many times it comes back you
know you guys taught us how to fight
through things you taught us not to give
up you taught us not to walk away you
taught us not to quit so you know those
are values that I don't know that
anywhere else in the system kids have an
opportunity to get other than only
athletic field where you know they get
their back put against the wall and they
have to perform they have to do things
does it happen perfectly every time
absolutely not but we've got to get up
tomorrow and do the best we can again
and we just can't give it up he's one of
those guys for like he doesn't really
stressed like just like punch it in just
beat the crap out of people was one of
those like you know we're gonna do it
the right way and you know we're gonna
have class about us he has teach us
character you know either like that he's
really building us as a person like no
more as a football player a dad was
telling me he was on the other sideline
of an opposing team and the sideline was
going crazy the coaches are young bucks
and they're running up and down sideline
they're going crazy and it's chaotic
helix across the field in this very
tight game he sees coach miles and his
staff relax
working through it been there done that
and you know able to coach these kids
through you know the tough time like
that
and and the other thing was just going
crazy so that is coach miles and his
staff so that's fantastic
you know it's been a great place for my
family and the length of time that our
kids have been in school here it's been
a tremendous place to raise a family and
now we just have so many roots here you
know it's it's a great place I have an
unbelievable administration coaching
staff on both guys and girls side course
when you've been somewhere long enough
people buy into the philosophy that
you're selling and so it's kind of a
huge deal now and you know it's just a
been an awesome experience right it's
just a class act
all the way around I mean you know that
there's anything you ever need even his
opponent as a coach you know an opponent
school you can call ray up and he's
gonna do whatever he can to help you out
ray know he has a good temperament he
knows when it's time to kind of let
loose and really get after mauvais and
those times when to kind of hold back a
little bit it's a good feel for that
very experienced and treats his coaches
well the kids are treated well at all
times and parents in this community that
have had kids play for them have been
blessed I have a great individual like
that lead them when we get into the game
you know now you have to be on their
side and they have to know that you're
there with them so they didn't intend to
fumble the ball we didn't intend to
throw an interception or missed a tackle
or blower coverage so now you just have
to come back and build that confidence
back up and say hey you know you're
gonna get another carry you're gonna get
the ball again it's alright it's not the
end of the world and then they've all
heard sun's going to come up to March
7:15 regardless so this is not the end
of the world